[scene blue_intro]

[date]September 15th, the previous year

The front park is pleasant at this time of day and at no other.
The Pierce Administration Building, that I'm sketching now, dominates the few trees that line the quad.
It's a relic of the 60's, and the campus architects seem to have been competing to design the building with the most concrete and the most hard angles.
In the morning, when I walk by for class, it casts a shadow over the road.
And then past sunset, the groundlights turn on, and the underlit building looks like something that could blast off at any second.
I hate it.
It's ugly, bleak, thoroughly unnatural looking, and if could speak it would be saying "THE FUTURE IS GRIM, HUMANS" in a monotone.
Then if I hate it, why do I end up here every other day drawing it? Or something like it, anyway.
Today there's something different.
At first I couldn't quite put my finger on it, but now I notice. It's a person.
She's wearing a sundress and her sunglasses are resting on her forehead.
The autumn wind usually pushes most students indoors this time, and the few out on the front park are usually in groups eating, or else walking as fast as possible out of the shadow of the Pierce Building.
She's on a bench under a conrete eave, not quite opposite the one I'm on.
In two weeks here I don't think I've seen anyone else actually spending any time here, but she has a laptop out and every once in a while she looks up and out past the field, the college fence, the road, the steel wire barrier, and into the scrubland.
It's not the sort of place I'd choose to get any sort of serious work done. My sketches are my personal waste of time so it's not like I really care about being productive.
Somewhere a clock strikes. Is that the end of a period?
Strangers fill the path between me and the stranger on the other side.
(Everyone is a stranger to me here -- if I keep thinking of anyone I don't know as a "stranger" things aren't exactly going to get any better for me)
Two guys chatting, a girl walking while trying to stuff three books into her bag, a man with a brown suit and sneakers, three more people with food in hand...
Nobody I know, of course.
I'm sure none of them know each other either, but it just feels foreign.
No one even glances my way.
Wait.
Except for her.
Short brown-blonde hair. Black eyes.
Eyes that saw me.
Not a stranger, and not someone I ever expected to see again, and not sure if I ever wanted to see again.
(This is a pretty not great to dwell on complicated things, just get moving)
I take off down the footpath, the opposite direction, towards town and the classroom buildings. Hopefully there's enough traffic that she didn't notice.
She's not following me at any rate.
I pass the arts building. Past the building where I have a calculus class. Past another concrete monster straight from the colonization of Mars.
Even if she's not following, she had to have seen me, right?
Or was that even her?
I've seen so many unfamiliar faces in the past two weeks maybe I just decided to hallucinate Annabel's face onto some random pedestrian.
(Don't go crazy and start hallucinating, really, it won't help anything)
I'll just believe it was someone who looked like her then.
But would she really make eye contact like that? Is that something people do around here?
That's the museum up ahead. And the museum cafe.
(Go grab something to drink and sit down before you get yourself worked up over nothing)
I'm probably already worked up already, but I mumble a greeting to the cashier, buy a lemonade, and sit on the empty half of the cafe.
The eating area is raised slightly above the rest of the museum. Thankfully this place is made of glass, which, while ugly, is still better than monstrous.
It's a small building, relatively, just two floors devoted to showcasing the mining history of Emery, Utah, and the notable graduates of Emery University.
The history is mining and agriculture, mostly. I think everyone's here to study engineering nowadays. It's hard to get into, hard enough where it impressed people back home that I was coming out here.
Well, impressed the ones who had actually heard of it, anyway. Not too many people.
I'm starting at a black and white photo of a dingy tractor when she slides into the seat across from me.
Please don't be Annabel.
It's not her.
A ponytail. Sundress. I recognize her from outside the Pierce Building when she takes off the sunglasses.
BLUE_?: "Hey, you left this."
DAVID: "What?"
BLUE_?: "Your sketchbook. This is yours, right?"
DAVID: "Oh..."
BLUE_?: "I'm glad I caught up with you. I have a few more pages in my bag that almost blew off in the wind."
BLUE_?: "This looks like something you'd miss. I don't have the wrong person do I? Right?"
DAVID:  "No, it's mine. Thanks."
BLUE_?: "Any time. I'm Blue, by the way."
DAVID: "Blue? Er, sorry, I'm David Lane."
BLUE: "Nice to meet you."
BLUE: "Let me grab those pages, I have them in here somewhere..."
She searches her bag, but stops halfway through to stare towards the counter.
BLUE: "Actually, do you mind if I grab a sandwich?"
DAVID: "Go ahead."
BLUE: "Sorry, I didn't realize how hungry I was and I live off campus now. It's really a hike. One minute."
I'm trying to figure out if I invited her to lunch, or something else is going on and I'm terrible at reading people.
(I'm terrible at reading people)
BLUE: "Alright, sorry for the wait. I have those last few pages in here somewhere."
As a general rule I don't like people going through my work. Reviewing homework can't be helped, but my sketchbook is mine at least.
Now I see a few of the loose sheets interspersed with lined notebook pages, two novels, and a hardback on semiotics.
Blue finishes her search and sorts out the pages from her own things.
On the pages she passes me: a floating village, a lake, and three sketches of the Pierce Building, including one where I drew it on fire.
BLUE: "That should be all of them. I know they probably aren't finished products but I happened to catch a glance..."
Great.
BLUE: "Do you mind talking a bit? Or if you're in a hurry, I'm sure I'll see you around."
She's already seated and smiling. I can't place her manner. We met two minutes ago but it feels like she's unphased. Or more like she'd be unphased by anyone.
DAVID: "I'm in no rush. I'm not a trained artist or anything though."
BLUE: "You'd have me fooled."
DAVID: "I'm majoring in education probably. It's just something to kill time between classes."
BLUE: "Kill time? I think it's something, at least. But I guess I'm not an artistic person."
She laughs. Naturally, not forced.
DAVID: "You could probably pick it up. Don't they have beginning visual arts classes or something here?"
BLUE: "Oh probably. I have my hands tied up with some other projects. But I more meant to ask..."
BLUE: "So the places you're drawing, those aren't real, right?"
DAVID: "No, not most of them. Some of them are sort of there. Parts of real places and then I fill in the rest."
BLUE: "Right. Like the Pierce Building is still standing and not up in flames. Or at least not from what I remember."
DAVID: "Oh. You saw that."
BLUE: "There are days I wish this whole place would burn down, don't worry. I don't think you're psychotic."
DAVID: "Thanks."
BLUE: "There's one in particular, though... Do you remember someplace with hexagons? Pillars of rock, different heights, but all tiled together?"
DAVID: "I think I know the one."
BLUE: "I'd love to see it, if it's not too much trouble. I understand if it's private."
I pull the sketchbook back out of my bag. Usually I hate showing anyone this stuff, but I'm more surprised she chased me across campus to ask about it when she could've just taken it out of the stack of loose sheets and been on her way.
BLUE: "That's interesting. Visually interesting, I mean. Like... It feels like it should be real."
DAVID: "It's sort of real. It's columns of basalt. It forms in six-sided pillars like that sometimes in lava flows. Not that I've ever seen it."
BLUE: "I think I've seen it before, maybe in Turkey. Could've been a long time ago in Yellowstone, too, probably..."
BLUE: "But that's not the point."
BLUE: "Sorry to go off on a tangent here, but, you're a freshman, right?"
DAVID: "Right."
BLUE: "I'm sure everyone asks you all the time about how you like it here, or about how the first few weeks are going at Emeryville U. I know I didn't have a good answer to that until at least two years in."
BLUE: "Where's home?"
DAVID: "Ohio. You've never heard of the town."
BLUE: "Rural?"
DAVID: "Even more than out here. My graduating class could fit in my calc lecture."
BLUE: "Wow, I can hardly imagine. Then... everyone knows each other?"
DAVID: "I knew all of them, anyway."
By name, anyway. Everyone in my class I definitely know. To the best of my knowledge none of them are even in the same state as me at the moment.
BLUE: "There are 15,000 people on campus here. It's impossible to know everyone like that."
DAVID: "I've been figuring that out."
BLUE: "I had a rough few months my first year. Probably nothing like what it is coming from a small town. I knew plenty of people around here, even, it's just my background was a bit off kilter I guess."
BLUE: "At least I lucked into a roommate who could deal with me."
DAVID: "I still don't have one."
BLUE: "What?"
DAVID: "He dropped out before he even got here, I guess. Just a name on the roster. No one actually showed up."
I won't detail how nervous I was the first night.
BLUE: "I don't know how I would've kept my sanity."
BLUE: "Actually..."
She pauses a moment and her smile falls a bit. Is she looking out at the scrubland again or just thinking?
Finally she takes out a laptop.
BLUE: "I got carried away. Hold on just a moment."
BLUE: "Here."
She turns around the screen to face me.
DAVID: "What is this?"
BLUE: "I'd call it a game, but it's something a little different. A project a few of us are working on. My senior thesis, actually."
It's a fullscreen display.
I'm facing the interior of some huge room. The walls are stone, regularly groved. Blue works the arrow keys to pan the view upwards, where the walls soar straight up into darkness.
She pans down. Tessellated shapes. The floor is hexagonal. 
BLUE: "You can move around if you want. Use the mouse."
DAVID: "Okay."
Steering around is a little clunky but I finally manage to walk forwards. The place is less of a giant room and more of a giant hallway. The rows of hexagons are spaced irregularly, but each lower than the last.
BLUE: "There's an echo for each footstep. I'd turn up the volume but Marco would kill me if I showed off the sound effects on laptop speakers."
DAVID: "Is this supposed to be basalt? A basalt cave?"
BLUE: "It's not somewhere that could exist in reality."
DAVID: "This is what the sketch reminded you of?"
BLUE: "It couldn't exist in reality, but some places, we filled in the rest."
BLUE: "Don't ask me why I thought you'd be interested. I just believe in coincidences I guess."
The hall on the screen is almost completely dark by now. Should I just keep walking? I'm not sure what it is Blue's trying to demonstrate. Something blue-white keeps blinking in and out of view ahead.
DAVID: "You said this is your thesis? It looks neat, I guess, maybe I don't - "
DAVID: "What the - "
That white-blue on screen takes shape. Before I can finish falling out of my chair, it turns forward and lunges and I glimpse an a deformed snake with gleaming diamond scales and hundreds of blinking eyes dotting its ribbed belly.
By the time I finish righting myself, the screen is black. Just "GAME OVER."
BLUE: "Sorry David, sorry, that wasn't supposed to happen! Dammit May, I thought we were turning creatures off for this version, I'm messaging you as soon as I get back... This has got..."
BLUE: "I'm really sorry about that. I'm not the only one working on this, and different people have different ideas on what makes for a good experience."
DAVID: "Oh, that's fine.... I guess. I just wasn't expecting it. What the hell was that?"
BLUE: "


